in the bus gentlemen you know there's a
right way of doing police work there's a
wrong way of doing it
and there's a way that you two idiots do
it Thank You captain I know what you're
going to say but the fact is you've been
making us who look bad I don't want to
cause any problems lieutenant I just
want a new partner if anything we
deserve a reward or something with the
trophy take this hi Beverly Hills we go
strictly by the book I hear from the
boys upstairs you've been sticking your
nose in a Ralph's don't think don't mix
my Dickens
your ass is on the line don't yes
captain may enough Jimmy don't square
for me with some bullshitting handle me
you think I'm over the hill play a tough
guy doesn't mean you out with your lace
curtain I got up rosewood they planning
you got three days let me see some
results by then I'm gonna pray on your
ass and the dog meat you got that
captain no you're not